Fix fluentd records missing from logs folder (#628)
codacy/chart: README.md

| ------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `fluentdoperator.enable`             | Enable fluentd operator. It gathers logs from Codacy so that you can send it to our support if needed.         | `true`            |
| `fluentdoperator.expirationDays`     | Number of days to retain logs. More time uses more disk on minio and retention over 7 days is not recommended. | `7`               |

> | `fluentdoperator.flushTimeout`       | Maximum time until Fluentd stops retrying to flush the logs. Values must be expressed using a unit, e.g. `10s`, `5h`. | `1h`               |

Author: Codacy found an issue: [[table-pipe-alignment] Misaligned table fence](https://app.codacy.com/gh/codacy/chart/pullRequest?prid=6346373)

> | `fluentdoperator.flushTimeout`       | Duration and unit until a fluent log is successfully flushed. Fluentd will retry for this duration. Values can be expressed in different units, e.g. `10s`, `5h`. | `1h`               |

Author: Codacy found an issue: [[table-pipe-alignment] Misaligned table fence](https://app.codacy.com/gh/codacy/chart/pullRequest?prid=6346373)

> | `fluentdoperator.flushTimeout`       | Duration and unit until a fluent log is successfully flushed. Fluentd will retry for this duration. Values can be expressed in different units, e.g. `10s`, `5h`. | `1h`               |

Reviewer: https://docs.fluentd.org/configuration/buffer-section#retries-parameters
You can even copy the description they have on their documentation

> | `fluentdoperator.flushTimeout`       | Duration and unit until a fluent log is successfully flushed. Fluentd will retry for this duration. Values can be expressed in different units, e.g. `10s`, `5h`. | `1h`               |

Reviewer 2: Using @franciscodua rancisco's suggestion to see Fluentd's documentation, we could write a more concise description:

```suggestion
| `fluentdoperator.flushTimeout`       | Maximum time until Fluentd stops retrying to flush the logs. Values must be expressed using a unit, e.g. `10s`, `5h`. | `1h`               |
```
